Update isShallowEqual documentation and unit tests by deep comparison (#13526)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/is-shallow-equal/README.md

import { isShallowEqualObjects } from '@wordpress/is-shallow-equal';
```

> Shallow comparison differs from deep comparison by the fact that nested objects must be the exact same variable and not only have the same values. In situations where nested objects must be compared value by value, `isEqual` from `lodash` is recommended.

Reviewer: >must be the exact same variable and not only have the same values

It's a hard thing to communicate this idea of comparing by value vs. comparing by reference. I think this could be improved slightly in a couple ways, by (a) providing reference links for more information and (b) with a bit of rewording.

```suggestion
Shallow comparison differs from deep comparison by the fact that it compares members from each as being strictly equal to the other, meaning that arrays and objects will be compared by their _references_, not by their values (see also [_Object Equality in JavaScript_.](http://adripofjavascript.com/blog/drips/object-equality-in-javascript.html)) In situations where nested objects must be compared by value, consider using [Lodash's `isEqual`](https://lodash.com/docs/4.17.11#isEqual) instead.
```

Thoughts?

Author: I like it very much. Thank you.
